Dear hiring manager at companyName,
I am writing this cover letter to express my strong interest in becoming a valued member of the companyName team in the position of positionName.
I discovered your job posting for the positionName position on jobPortalName, and I must say that the description accurately matches my education and work history, leading me to believe that I would be an ideal candidate for this position.
My past experience at Gri Creative helped me focus on my creative side, where I assisted with front-end UI design tweaks that improved the accessibility and ease of use of the portals for our clients. Gri Creative's clients were among the largest corporations in our region (Istanbul), which is the financial center of Turkey and a portion of the Middle East and Europe.
More recently, Sylogist's "The Portal Connector Team" helped me align with the Canadian workplace in terms of company structures and working ethics. Both cultures had a positive impact on me, helping me diversify my social and professional skills. Sylogist had clients across the globe, providing me with the valuable experience of working in almost every time zone each day.
In general, my experiences included working with a team of consultants and designers as the sole developer for the project. My team lead occasionally joined to triage and identify possible workarounds to some of the more complex problems when they arose. I proved myself to be an independent developer, consulting my team lead only for issues that puzzled both of us and had the potential to become a major setback later in the project's lifecycle.
I made sure to maintain good and strong relations with my colleagues and superiors, and I still keep in touch with most of them to this day. We are all happy to have worked together at some stage during our careers.
I hope that my application to companyName has a positive result, and we will have an opportunity to discuss my technical skills and history in more detail. Regardless, I appreciate your consideration of my application and wish you the best of luck in finding the perfect candidate.
Sincerely,
Ugur (Ian) Pekunsal